You: Hi, Jack. Thanks for making the time to speak with me.
Jack: Not a problem. I know that you wanted to talk about the required report
for your new system, but I’m still not aware of why you wanted to meet.
You: Yes. I understand that there’s a report due next week for all major agency
IT Systems Operations. However, we are currently in the middle of developing
an agency-wide HRIT System. I know DFAC has mandated a complete report,
but that won’t be possible until after our system has launched.
Can you help me understand the requirements better and discuss the
possibility of giving you a report on the data we currently have?
Then we could provide periodic updates until we complete the System.
Jack: I didn’t realize that you were in the middle of such a large-scale project.
I can understand the need to modify the report schedule,
and your proposal makes sense. Thank you for bringing this to my attention.
You: Thanks for your flexibility! I appreciate it.